Changes from live back to main (#486)
MicrosoftDocs/WindowsCommunityToolkitDocs: docs/controls/TabView.md

---
title: TabView
author: michael-hawker
description: TabView is a control for displaying a set of tabs and their content.
keywords: windows 10, uwp, windows community toolkit, uwp community toolkit, uwp toolkit, TabView, TabControl
dev_langs:
  - csharp
---

# TabView

> [!WARNING]

> > This control has been deprecated in the Windows Community Toolkit. Please use the [`TabView`](/windows/winui/api/microsoft.ui.xaml.controls.tabview) control from WinUI instead.

Author: ```suggestion
> This control has been removed from the Windows Community Toolkit. Please use the [`TabView`](/windows/winui/api/microsoft.ui.xaml.controls.tabview) control from WinUI instead.
```
